fix: dead link (#13958)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/permissions.md

To limit the permissions your managed workflow app requires, set the `android.permissions` property in your [`app.json` file](../../workflow/configuration.md#android) to list only the permissions you need, and Expo will also include the minimum permissions it requires to run. See the [`Permission types`](#permission-types) below to learn about which Android permissions are added. You can find a full list of all available permissions in the [Android Manifest.permissions reference](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission).

> - [See the `android.permissions` documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/v38.0.0/sdk/permissions/#android-permissions-equivalents-inside--appjson) to learn about which permissions are always included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [See the `android.permissions` documentation](/versions/latest/config/app.md#permissions) to learn about which permissions are always included.
```
